INTJ*The suggested career that suits your personality is Astronomer.  As an INTJ you are naturally drawn to the big picture of life – and you can't get much bigger than the study of astronomy. This career field is compelling to a mind like yours which is constantly seeking to make clarity out of complexity. Your interest in the theoretical, scientific, and your insight into future implications gives you a natural skill in this field.  Also: Lawyer, Engineer, Entrepreneur, Data Scientist, Director.

INTP*The suggested career that suits your personality is Software Developer  INTPs are drawn to technology like moths to the flame. They love using their reasoning skills and troubleshooting abilities to create innovative systems and platforms. Their curious, intellectual nature tends to draw them to fields in engineering, technology, and the sciences. These are all places where they can think creatively and design solutions that solve abstract problems and desires. Also: Computer Systems Analyst, Engineer, Physicist, Professor, Writer

ENTJ*The suggested career that suits your personality is  Chief Executive Officer  As an ENTJ you are naturally competitive and driven to be at the head of the pack. You enjoy strategizing and networking with diverse groups of people. Your ability to make tough calls, take smart risks, and foresee likely implications and possibilities makes you indispensable as a CEO. You have a gift for knowing which markets to enter, developing a company vision, and hiring (and firing) the appropriate people. Your ability to work hard and meet challenges with resolve is admirable. Also: Lawyer, Engineer, Entrepreneur, Real Estate Agent, Professor

ENTP*The suggested career that suits your personality is  Entrepreneur  ENTPs are one of the most common types to pursue entrepreneurial work, Their desire for independence and flexibility makes the entrepreneurial world a perfect fit for them. They can innovate solutions, think about big-picture ideas, use their natural gifts for marketing, and approach tasks in a casual, unstructured way. Entrepreneurship puts the ENTP in the driver's seat and it allows them to think without limits about what they can achieve. Also: Marketing Manager, Stockbroker, Creative Director, Political Scientist

INFJ*The suggested career that suits your personality is Psychotherapist  As an INFJ you naturally pick up on the emotions and struggles of other people. You deeply desire to improve their lives in a therapeutic way, listening to their stories, and finding creative solutions for their anxieties and concerns. Your insight into human nature and your ability to see underlying implications and meanings make you cognizant of many internalized battles that people aren't even aware of themselves. With the proper training, you can be exceptionally gifted in this career field.  Also: Market Research Analyst, Writer, Social Worker

INFP*The suggested career that suits your personality is Creative Writer  INFPs enjoy working creatively and autonomously. They have rich, vivid imaginations that are usually filled to the brim with stories and possibilities. Their empathy allows them to write fully-dimensional characters who are varied and intriguing. Some famous INFP authors include Albert Camus, George Orwell, A.A. Milne, Antoine de Saint-Exupery, and Edgar Allan Poe! Also: Psychotherapist, Teacher, Public Relations Specialist, Human Resources Manager

ENFJ*The suggested career that suits your personality is International Nonprofit Administrator.  You are a master in the art of diplomacy. Your ability to organize systems so that they better meet people's needs is nothing short of astounding. You're not afraid of complex issues and you desperately want to bring improvement to the lives of suffering people. Being an administrator for an international nonprofit organization allows you to bring real solutions to issues like disease, poverty, drought, and famine. Also: Psychotherapist, Teacher, Public Relations Specialist, Human Resources Manager

ENFP*The suggested career that suits your personality is Freelance Travel Writer  With your thirst for adventure, your creativity, and your curiosity for new cultures, travel writing is a career you were tailor-made for. This job allows you to experiment with a variety of activities – from writing, to networking, to pitching to editors, to sightseeing! You'll be able to satisfy your hunger for novelty as well as be inspired by new and interesting people and experiences. Also: Entrepreneur, Performing Artist, Author, Psychologist, Teacher

ISTJ*The suggested career that suits your personality is Referee/Umpire/Sports Official  You are extremely observant and detail-oriented which makes you perfect for the job as a referee. You are quick to notice when something is not as it should be, and you have a strong belief in fair-play, no matter what your personal preferences may be. You are good at remembering the rules, watching out for the well-being of the players, and inspecting equipment to make sure that the players will all be safe. In this career field, you can use your powers of judgment to make wise split-second decisions that are fair and objective. Also: Surgeon, Farmer, Pilot, Mechanic, Engineer, Accountant, Logistician.

ISFJ*The suggested career that suits your personality is Veterinarian  As an ISFJ you have a natural desire to make a practical difference for the people (or four-legged friends) you care about. You have strong attention to detail, a grounded outlook on life, and a desire to heal, nurture, and comfort. As a veterinarian, you'd be able to use your natural gifts to improve the quality of life for animals. You have the compassion to deal with sick animals and their worried owners, you have the hard-working and grounded nature that's needed to deal with the (sometimes) less-than-pretty nature of the job, and you have the organization skills to keep your office running smoothly. Also: Physician, Social Worker, Teacher, Librarian, Chef, Health and Safety Engineer.

ESTJ*The suggested career that suits your personality is Management Consultant  As an ESTJ you love to make things more efficient, streamlined, and effective in the long-term. In this career, you'd be able to use your natural abilities to advise managers on how they can make their companies more profitable and how they can get rid of unnecessary costs. You would use your gifts of organization to sort through information and figure out how you can improve situations, create new systems or procedures, and develop solutions to company problems.This job gives you just enough variety and structure to keep you from getting bored.  Also: Real Estate Agent, Financial Counselor, Auditor, Judge, Mechanical Engineer.

ESFJ*The suggested career that suits your personality is Elementary School Teacher  As an ESFJ you believe in bettering your community and you know that can't be done without investing in the younger generation. You have a gift for empathizing with children, breaking down lessons into bite-sized steps, and listening when they're feeling frustrated or overwhelmed. You are also good at organizing a classroom, dealing with the logistics of field trips, and making sure each child feels included and involved.  Also: Social Worker, Family Physician, Speech Pathologist, Pediatrician, HR Manager.

ISTP*The suggested career that suits your personality is Detective  As an ISTP you want a job that makes you think, allows you to be active, and piques your curiosity. As a detective, you can use your skill for detailed observation and analysis to study suspects, interview witnesses, and examine the evidence. Your ability to separate fact from fiction enables you to piece together the story of how a crime unfolded and who is likely to blame.  Also: Carpenter, Forester, Software Developer, Firefighter, Airline Pilot

ISFP*The suggested career that suits your personality is Freelance Photographer  As an ISFP you want a job that is both creative and unstructured. You like working for yourself and you are especially drawn to aesthetics and finding beautiful symbols and details in everyday life. As a photographer, especially an editorial photographer, you get the chance to capture people from all walks of life and many varied cultures. You get to be there during pivotal moments in history and in the most beautiful natural surroundings. You are the kind of photographer who would care about capturing the pure emotions of your subject – their authenticity and originality.  Also: Fashion Designer, Artist, Musician, ER Physician, Animal Trainer.

ESTP*The suggested career that suits your personality is Stockbroker  As an ESTP you like a fast-paced, exciting job where there are big risks but also big rewards. As stockbrokers, you get the chance to stay on your feet, compete against (and defeat) your counterparts, and adapt to a market that literally changes every day. While many other types find this job exhausting or overwhelming, you get a thrill from the uncertainty that comes with it! ESTPs (like you) tend to like making fast, spur-of-the-moment decisions, learning more every day, and being in the midst of all the action and commotion that trading entails. Also: General Contractor, Firefighter, Fitness Instructor, Sales Manager, Paramedic.

ESFP*The suggested career that suits your personality is Performing Artist  If you're going to work 8+ hours a day you want a job that lets you be right in the middle of the action. You want a profession where you can be creative, expressive, and make an immediate impact with people. Variety, interaction, and instant feedback help you feel energized and motivated. Bringing humor, beauty, or emotional connection to your audience is something that you excel at which is why your personality type is often found on the stage! Also: Pediatrician, Physical Therapist, Teacher, Landscape Architect
