INTJ*An Architect (INTJ) is a person with Introverted, Intuitive, Thinking, and Judging personality traits. These thoughtful tacticians love perfecting the details of life, applying creativity and rationality to everything they do. Their inner world is often a private, complex one*Architect (INTJ) Strengths*Rational – Architects pride themselves on the power of their minds. Informed – Few personality types are as devoted as Architects to developing rational, correct, and evidence-based opinions. Rather than hunches or half-baked assumptions, they base their conclusions on research and analysis. Independent – For these personalities, conformity is more or less synonymous with mediocrity. Creative and self-motivated, Architects strive to do things their own way.  Determined – This personality type is known for being ambitious and goal-oriented.  Curious – Architects are open to new ideas – as long as those ideas are rational and evidence-based, that is.  Original – Without Archive world would be a far less interesting place.*Arrogant – Architects might be knowledgeable, but they're not infallible.  Dismissive of Emotions – For Architects, rationality is king.  Overly Critical – These personalities tend to have a great deal of self-control, particularly when it comes to thoughts and feelings. Combative – Architects hate blindly following anything without understanding why. Socially Clueless – Architects' relentless rationality can lead to frustration in their social lives.

INTP:* A Logician (INTP) is someone with Introverted, Intuitive, Thinking, and Prospecting personality traits. These flexible thinkers enjoy taking an unconventional approach to many aspects of life. They often seek out unlikely paths, mixing willingness to experiment with personal creativity.*Logician (INTP) Strengths *Analytical – Logicians analyze everything that they come across, from research data to the behavior of the people around them.Original – Thanks to their unrelenting imagination, Logicians can come up with creative, counterintuitive ideas that wouldn't occur to most people. Open-Minded – Logicians are driven by curiosity and an intense desire to learn everything that they can. Curious – These personalities are always casting about for new pursuits, hobbies, and areas of research. Objective – Logicians care about the truth. Rather than taking comfort in ideology or received ideas, they want to understand what's really going on beneath the surface of things. *Disconnected – Logicians can get lost in their own train of thought, even when they're with other people. Insensitive – People with this personality type see rationality as the key to a better, happier world. Dissatisfied – Logicians can't help but imagine how things could be better than they already are.Impatient – Logicians take pride in their knowledge and in sharing their ideas.Perfectionistic – Logicians want to get things done, but their quest for perfection can get in the way.

ENTJ:*A Commander (ENTJ) is someone with Extraverted, Intuitive, Thinking, and Judging personality traits. They are decisive people who love momentum and accomplishment. They gather information to construct their creative visions but rarely hesitate for long before acting on them.*Commander Strengths*Efficient – Commanders see inefficiency not just as a problem in its own right, but as something that pulls time and energy away from all their future goals, an elaborate sabotage consisting of irrationality and laziness. Energetic – Rather than finding this process taxing, Commanders are energized by it, genuinely enjoying leading their teams forward as they implement their plans and goals.Self-Confident – Commanders couldn't do this if they were plagued by self-doubt – they trust their abilities, make known their opinions, and believe in their capacities as leaders.Strong-Willed – Nor do they give up when the going gets tough – Commander personalities strive to achieve their goals.Strategic Thinkers – Commanders exemplify the difference between moment-to-moment crisis management and navigating the challenges and steps of a bigger plan.Charismatic and Inspiring – These qualities combine to create individuals who are able to inspire and invigorate others.*Stubborn and Dominant – Sometimes all this confidence and willpower can go too far, and Commanders are all too capable of digging in their heels, trying to win every single debate and pushing their vision, and theirs alone.Intolerant – “It's my way or the highway” – People with the Commander personality type are notoriously unsupportive of any idea that distracts from their primary goals, and even more so of ideas based on emotional considerations.Impatient – Some people need more time to think than others, an intolerable delay to quick-thinking Commanders. Arrogant – Commander personalities respect quick thoughts and firm convictions, their own qualities, and look down on those who don't match up. *Poor Handling of Emotions – All this bluster, alongside the assumed supremacy of rationalism, makes Commanders distant from their own emotional expression and sometimes downright scornful of others'.Cold and Ruthless – Their obsession with efficiency and unwavering belief in the merits of rationalism.

ENTP*A Debater (ENTP) is a person with the Extraverted, Intuitive, Thinking, and Prospecting personality traits. They tend to be bold and creative, deconstructing and rebuilding ideas with great mental agility. They pursue their goals vigorously despite any resistance they might encounter.*Debater Strengths*Knowledgeable – Debaters rarely pass up a good opportunity to learn something new, especially abstract concepts. Quick Thinkers – Debaters have tremendously flexible minds, and are able to shift from idea to idea without effort, drawing on their accumulated knowledge to prove their points, or their opponents', as they see fit.*Original – Having little attachment to tradition, Debater personalities are able to discard existing systems and methods and pull together disparate ideas from their extensive knowledge base.Excellent Brainstormers – Nothing is quite as enjoyable to Debaters as analyzing problems from every angle to find the best solutions.  Charismatic – People with the Debater personality type have a way with words and wit that others find intriguing. Energetic – When given a chance to combine these traits to examine an interesting problem, Debaters can be truly impressive in their enthusiasm and energy, having no qualms with putting in long days and nights to find a solution.*Very Argumentative – If there's anything Debaters enjoy, it's the mental exercise of debating an idea, and nothing is sacred.Insensitive – Being so rational, Debaters often misjudge others feelings and push their debates well past others' tolerance levels.  Intolerant – Unless people are able to back up their ideas in a round of mental sparring, Debaters are likely to dismiss not just the ideas but the people themselves.  Can Find It Difficult to Focus – The same flexibility that allows Debaters to come up with such original plans and ideas makes them readapt perfectly good ones far too often, or to even drop them entirely as the initial excitement wanes d newer thoughts come along.Dislike Practical Matters – Debaters are interested in what could be – malleable concepts like ideas and plans that can be adapted and debated.

ESFP:*An Entertainer (ESFP) is a person with the Extraverted, Observant, Feeling, and Prospecting personality traits. These people love vibrant experiences, engaging in life eagerly and taking pleasure in discovering the unknown. They can be very social, often encouraging others into shared activities.*Strengths points*Bold – Entertainers aren't known for holding back. Original – Traditions and expectations are secondary to Entertainers, if a consideration at all. Aesthetics and Showmanship – Not stopping at mere outfits, Entertainers inject artistic creativity into their words and actions, too. Practical – To Entertainers, the world is meant to be felt and experienced. Observant – With all this focus on the here and now, on doing and acting, it makes sense that Entertainers are naturals when it comes to noticing real, tangible things and changes.Excellent People Skills – More so than things though, Entertainers love to pay attention to people. *Weakness point: *Sensitive – Entertainers (especially Turbulent ones) are strongly emotional, and very vulnerable to criticism – they can feel like they've been backed into a corner, sometimes reacting badly. Conflict-Averse – Entertainers sometimes ignore and avoid conflict entirely. Easily Bored – Without constant excitement, Entertainers find ways to create it themselves. Risky behavior, self-indulgence, and the pleasures of the moment over long-term plans are all things Entertainers get into a little too often.Poor Long-Term Planners – In fact, Entertainer personalities rarely make detailed plans for the future. Unfocused – Anything that requires long-term dedication and focus is a particular challenge for Entertainers.

ESTP:*An Entrepreneur (ESTP) is someone with the Extraverted, Observant, Thinking, and Prospecting personality traits. They tend to be energetic and action-oriented, deftly navigating whatever is in front of them. They love uncovering life's opportunities, whether socializing with others or in more personal pursuits.*Strengths points:*Bold – People with the Entrepreneur personality type are full of life and energy.Rational and Practical – Entrepreneurs love knowledge and philosophy, but not for their own sake.Original – Combining their boldness and practicality, Entrepreneurs love to experiment with new ideas and solutions.Perceptive – This originality is helped by Entrepreneurs' ability to notice when things change – and when they need to change! Small shifts in habits and appearances stick out to Entrepreneurs, and they use these observations to help create connections with others.Direct – This perceptive skill isn't used for mind games – Entrepreneurs prefer to communicate clearly, with direct and factual questions and answers.Sociable – All these qualities pull together to make a natural group leader in Entrepreneurs.*Weakness points:*Insensitive – Feelings and emotions come second to facts and “reality” for Entrepreneurs.Impatient – Entrepreneurs move at their own pace to keep themselves excited.Risk-prone – This impatience can lead Entrepreneurs to push into uncharted territory without thinking of the long-term consequences.Unstructured – Entrepreneurs see an opportunity – to fix a problem, to advance, to have fun – and seize the moment, often ignoring rules and social expectations in the process.May Miss the Bigger Picture – Living in the moment can cause Entrepreneurs to miss the forest for the trees.Defiant – Entrepreneurs won't be boxed in. Repetition, hardline rules, sitting quietly while they are lectured– this isn't how Entrepreneurs live their lives.

ISFP:*An Adventurer (ISFP) is a person with Introverted, Observant, Feeling, and Prospecting personality traits. They tend to have open minds, approach life, and new experiences, and people with grounded warmth. Their ability to stay in the moment helps them uncover exciting potential.*Strengths points:*Charming – People with the Adventurer personality type are relaxed and warm, and their “live and let live” attitude naturally makes them likable and popular.Sensitive to Others – Adventurers easily relate to others' emotions, helping them to establish harmony and good will, and minimize conflict.Imaginative – Being so aware of others' emotions, Adventurer personalities use creativity and insight to craft bold ideas that speak to people's hearts.Passionate – Beneath Adventurers' quiet shyness beats an intensely feeling heart.Curious – Ideas are well and good, but Adventurers need to see and explore for themselves whether their ideas ring true.Artistic – Adventurers are able to show their creativity in tangible ways and with stunning beauty.*Weakness points:*Fiercely Independent – Freedom of expression is often Adventurers' top priority.Unpredictable – Adventurers' dislike long-term commitments and plans.Easily Stressed – Adventurers live in the present, full of emotion.Overly Competitive – Adventurers can escalate small things into intense competitions, turning down long-term success in their search for glory in the moment, and are unhappy when they lose.Fluctuating Self-Esteem – It's demanded that skills be quantified, but that's hard to do with Adventurers' strengths of sensitivity and artistry.

ISTP:*A Virtuoso (ISTP) is someone with the Introverted, Observant, Thinking, and Prospecting personality traits. They tend to have an individualistic mindset, pursuing goals without needing much external connection. They engage in life with inquisitiveness and personal skill, varying their approach as needed.*Strengths points:*Optimistic and Energetic – Virtuosos are usually up to their elbows in some project or other.Creative and Practical – Virtuosos are very imaginative when it comes to practical things, mechanics, and crafts.Spontaneous and Rational – Combining spontaneity with logic, Virtuosos can switch mindsets to fit new situations with little effort, making them flexible and versatile individuals.Know How to Prioritize – This flexibility comes with some unpredictability, but Virtuoso personalities are able to store their spontaneity for a rainy day, releasing their energy just when it's needed most.Great in a Crisis – With all this hands-on creativity and spontaneity, it's no wonder that Virtuosos are naturals in crisis situations.Relaxed – Through all this, Virtuosos are able to stay quite relaxed.*Weakness points:*Stubborn – As easily as Virtuosos go with the flow, they can also ignore it entirely, and usually move in another direction with little apology or sensitivity.Insensitive – Virtuosos use logic, and even when they try to meet others halfway with empathy and emotional sensitivity, it rarely seems to quite come out right, if anything is even said at all.Private and Reserved – Virtuoso personalities are notoriously difficult to get to know.Easily Bored – Virtuosos enjoy novelty, which makes them excellent tinkerers, but much less reliable when it comes to focusing on things long-term.Dislike Commitment – Long-term commitments are particularly onerous for Virtuosos.Risky Behavior – This stubbornness, difficulty with others' emotions, focus on the moment, and easy boredom can lead to unnecessary and unhelpful boundary-pushing, just for fun.

INFJ:*An Advocate (INFJ) is someone with Introverted, Intuitive, Feeling, and Judging personality traits. They tend to approach life with deep thoughtfulness and imagination. Their inner vision, personal values, and a quiet, principled version of humanism guide them in all things.*Strength points:*Creative – Advocates embrace their creative side, always on the lookout for opportunities to express themselves and think outside the box.Insightful – Advocates strive to move beyond superficiality and seek out the deeper truths in life. Principled – Advocates tend to have strong beliefs and values, particularly when it comes to matters of ethics.  Passionate – Advocates crave a sense of purpose in life. Advocates are energized and impassioned by the beauty of their visions for the future.Altruistic – People with this personality type aren't happy to succeed at another person's expense. *Weakness:*Sensitive to Criticism – Advocates aren't averse to feedback – that is, unless they believe that someone is challenging their most cherished principles or values.Reluctant to Open Up – Advocates value honesty and authenticity, but they're also private.  Perfectionistic – The Advocate personality type is all but defined by idealism. Avoiding the Ordinary – Advocates yearn to do extraordinary things with their lives.  Prone to Burnout – Advocates' perfectionism and reserve leave them with few options for letting off steam. 

INFP:*A Mediator (INFP) is someone who possesses the Introverted, Intuitive, Feeling, and Prospecting personality traits. These rare personality types tend to be quiet, open-minded, and imaginative, and they apply a caring and creative approach to everything they do.*Strengths:*Empathetic: Mediators don't just care about other people in an abstract sense but feel another person's emotions, from joy and elation to sorrow and regret.  Generous – Mediators rarely enjoy succeeding at other people's expense.  Open-Minded – Tolerant and accepting, Mediators try not to judge anyone else's beliefs, lifestyles, or decisions.  Creative – Mediators love to see things from unconventional perspectives. Few things give them more pleasure than allowing their minds to wander through all sorts of ideas and possibilities and daydreams. Passionate –  People with this personality type may not always be outspoken, but that doesn't diminish their strong feelings for a cause that speaks to their beliefs and convictions.Idealistic – Mediators strive to follow their conscience, even when doing the right thing isn't easy or convenient.*Weakness:*Unrealistic –   People with this personality type can be hopeless romantics, with rose-colored visions of what their lives should be like.  *Self-Isolating – Mediators long to connect with others, but they don't always know how.  Unfocused – Mediators' imaginative, introspective nature doesn't always lend itself to productivity.  Emotionally Vulnerable – The emotional attunement of these personalities is among their greatest strengths. Desperate to Please – Conflict tends to be stressful for Mediators, who yearn for harmony and acceptance. Self-Critical – Mediators believe in their unique potential, and they desperately want to live up to it.

ENFJ:*AProtagonist (ENFJ) is a person with the Extraverted, Intuitive, Feeling, and Judging personality traits. These warm, forthright types love helping others, and they tend to have strong ideas and values. They back their perspective with the creative energy to achieve their goals. *Strengths:*Receptive – Protagonists have strong opinions, but they're far from closed-minded. Reliable – Few things bother the Protagonists more than the prospect of letting down a person or cause that they believe in. Passionate – Protagonists are far from being boring do-gooders.  Altruistic – These personalities are known for harboring a deep desire to be a force for positive change. Charismatic – Determined and inspiring, Protagonists often find their way into leadership roles.  *Weakness:*Unrealistic – Many Protagonists put pressure on themselves to right every wrong that they encounter.  Overly Idealistic – Protagonists tend to have clear ideas about what's right and what's wrong.  Condescending – People with this personality type enjoy teaching others, particularly about the causes and beliefs that matter so much to them.  Intense – When it comes to self-improvement, Protagonists are rarely short on energy or determination. Overly Empathetic – Compassion is among this personality type's greatest strengths. But Protagonists have a tendency to take on other people's problems as their own – a habit that can leave them emotionally and physically exhausted.

ENFP:*Campaigner (ENFP) is someone with the Extraverted, Intuitive, Feeling, and Prospecting personality traits. These people tend to embrace big ideas and actions that reflect their sense of hope and goodwill toward others. Their vibrant energy can flow in many directions.*Strength points:*Curious – Campaigners can find beauty and fascination in nearly anything.Perceptive – To people with this personality type, no one is unimportant – which might explain how they can pick up on even the subtlest shifts in another person's mood or expression. Enthusiastic – When something captures their imagination and inspires them, Campaigners want to share it with anyone who will listen.Excellent Communicators – Campaigners brim with things to say, but they can be caring listeners as well. Festive – Campaigners may live for deep, meaningful conversations, but they can also be spontaneous and lighthearted. Good-Natured – All of these strengths come together to form a person who is warmhearted and approachable, with an altruistic spirit and a friendly disposition.*Weakness points:*People-Pleasing – Most Campaigners are uncomfortable with the prospect of being disliked. Unfocused – The thrill of a new project – especially one that involves collaborating with other people – can bring out the best in Campaigners. Disorganized – Campaigners' enthusiasm is legendary, but it doesn't extend to everything. Overly Accommodating – Campaigner personalities feel called to uplift others, and they may find themselves saying yes whenever anyone asks them for guidance or help. Overly Optimistic – Optimism can be among this personality type's key strengths. Restless – With their positive, upbeat attitude, Campaigners rarely seem upset or dissatisfied on the outside. 

ESFJ:*A Consul (ESFJ) is a person with the Extraverted, Observant, Feeling, and Judging personality traits. They are attentive and people-focused, and they enjoy taking part in their social community. Their achievements are guided by decisive values, and they willingly offer guidance to others.*Strengths points:*Strong Practical Skills – Consuls are excellent managers of day-to-day tasks and routine maintenance, enjoying making sure that those who are close to them are well cared for. Strong Sense of Duty – People with the Consul personality type have a strong sense of responsibility and strive to meet their obligations, though this may sometimes be more from a sense of social expectations than intrinsic drive. Very Loyal – Valuing stability and security very highly, Consuls are eager to preserve the status quo, which makes them extremely loyal and trustworthy partners and employees. Sensitive and Warm – Helping to ensure that stability, Consul personalities seek harmony and care deeply about other people's feelings, being careful not to offend or hurt anybody. Good at Connecting with Others – These qualities come together to make Consuls social, comfortable and well-liked. Consul personalities have a strong need to “belong”, and have no problem with small talk or following social cues in order to help them take an active role in their communities.*Weakness points:*Worried about Their Social Status – These Strengths are related to a chief Weakness: Consuls' preoccupation with social status and influence, which affects many decisions they make, potentially limiting their creativity and open-mindedness. Inflexible – Consuls place a lot of importance on what is socially acceptable, and can be very cautious, even critical of anything unconventional or outside the mainstream. Reluctant to Innovate or Improvise – Just as they can be critical of others' “unusual” behavior, Consuls may also be unwilling to step out of their own comfort zones, usually for fear of being (or just appearing) different.Vulnerable to Criticism – It can be especially challenging to change these tendencies because Consuls are so conflict-averse.Often Too Needy – Consuls need to hear and see a great deal of appreciation. Too Selfless – The other side of this is that Consuls sometimes try to establish their value with doting attention, something that can quickly overwhelm those who don't need it, making it ultimately unwelcome.

ESTJ:*An Executive (ESTJ) is someone with the Extraverted, Observant, Thinking, and Judging personality traits. They possess great fortitude, emphatically following their own sensible judgment. They often serve as a stabilizing force among others, able to offer solid direction amid adversity.*Strengths points:*Dedicated – Seeing things to completion borders on an ethical obligation for Executives.Strong-willed – A strong will makes this dedication possible, and Executives don't give up their beliefs because of simple opposition.Direct and Honest – Executives trust facts far more than abstract ideas or opinions.Loyal, Patient and Reliable – Executives work to exemplify truthfulness and reliability, considering stability and security very important.Enjoy Creating Order – Chaos makes things unpredictable, and unpredictable things can't be trusted when they are needed most – with this in mind, Executives strive to create order and security in their environments by establishing rules, structures and clear roles.*Excellent Organizers – This commitment to truth and clear standards makes Executives capable and confident leaders.

ISFJ:*A Defender (ISFJ) is someone with the Introverted, Observant, Feeling, and Judging personality traits. These people tend to be warm and unassuming in their own steady way. They're efficient and responsible, giving careful attention to practical details in their daily lives.*Strengths points:*Supportive – Defenders truly enjoy helping others, and they happily share their knowledge, attention, and expertise with anyone who needs it.Reliable – Rather than working in sporadic, excited bursts that leave things half finished, Defenders are meticulous and careful. Observant – Defender personalities have a talent for noticing things, particularly about other people. Enthusiastic – When the goal is right, Defenders apply all of their gifts to something that they believe will make a real, positive difference in people's lives – whether that's fighting poverty with a global initiative or simply making a customer's day. Hardworking – Defenders don't just get their work done – they take pridin it.Good Practical Skills – This personality type offers the rare combination of an altruistic nature and hard-won practicality.*Weakness points:*Overly Humble – Defenders are so concerned with other people's feelings that they may refuse to make their thoughts known or to take any duly earned credit for their contributions. Taking Things Personally – Although they might try to hide it, people with this personality type are deeply sensitive to others' opinions, and they can be thrown off-balance if someone doesn't appreciate, approve of, or agree with them. Repressing Their Feelings – Private and reserved, Defenders tend to internalize their feelings, particularly negative ones.Overcommitted – Defenders' dutifulness can create situations where they are overwhelmed but unwilling to relax their standards or ask for help. Reluctant to Change – Defenders are among the personality types that struggle the most with change. Too Altruistic – Defenders' giving, generous nature can leave them vulnerable to being taken advantage of by others.

ISTJ:*A Logistician (ISTJ) is someone with the Introverted, Observant, Thinking, and Judging personality traits. These people tend to be reserved yet willful, with a rational outlook on life. They compose their actions carefully and carry them out with methodical purpose.*Strengths points:*Honest and Direct – Integrity is the heart of the Logistician personality type. Strong-willed and Dutiful – Logisticians embody that integrity in their actions too, working hard and staying focused on their goals.Very Responsible – Logisticians' word is a promise, and a promise means everything. Calm and Practical – None of their promises would mean much if Logisticians lost their tempers and broke down at every sign of hardship – they keep their feet on the ground and make clear, rational decisions. Create and Enforce Order – The primary goal of any Logistician is to be effective in what they've chosen to do, and they believe that this is accomplished best when everyone involved knows exactly what is going on and why. Jacks-of-all-trades – Much like Analyst personality types, Logisticians are proud repositories of knowledge, though the emphasis is more on facts and statistics than concepts and underlying principles.*Weakness points:*Stubborn – The facts are the facts, and Logisticians tend to resist any new idea that isn't supported by them.*Insensitive – While not intentionally harsh, Logisticians often hurt more sensitive types' feelings by the simple mantra that honesty is the best policy.*Always by the Book – Logisticians believe that things work best with clearly defined rules, but this makes them reluctant to bend those rules or try new things, even when the downside is minimal. Judgmental – Opinions are opinions and facts are facts, and Logisticians are unlikely to respect people who disagree with those facts, or especially those who remain willfully ignorant of them. Often Unreasonably Blame Themselves – All this can combine to make Logisticians believe they are the only ones who can see projects through reliably. 

 