 
INFJ can struggle when it comes to seeing weaknesses within themselves, and strive for a sense of perfection. INFJs can be rather hard on themselves, and might feel upset at the sign of their own weaknesses. They will likely try to hide these qualities so that others cannot fully see them. INFJs can be harder on themselves than they realize though, and might even perceive certain positive qualities to be weaknesses in some ways. While they are hard on their own flaws, INFJs are actually very understanding when they witness other people's weaknesses. They might excuse for their loved ones and seek to shelter those who feel weak.
 
ENFJ definitely have a hard time when they see weaknesses within themselves, and will try to overcome them. They want to be viewed as strong and in many ways strive for perfection. ENFJs hate feeling like they have disappointed someone else, and want to do their best to be everything to everyone. While ENFJs struggle with their own weaknesses, they are often understanding when other people seem to possess flaws. They want to help others feel better about themselves and are oddly understanding when others have weaknesses.
 
INFP can definitely be hard on themselves, especially with their weaknesses. They can often feel like they are failing themselves, and want to work hard to be a good person. INFPs have strong inner morals which often dictate their choices and what they believe is right. If they feel like they aren't living up to these morals, they can take this rather harshly. INFPs are more forgiving when others possess certain weaknesses, but might be a bit hard on them when those weaknesses seem to go against the INFP inner values.
 
ENFP can be hard on their weaknesses and don't want others to witness them. While they are aware that no one is perfect, it can be difficult for them to overcome this at times. They don't want people to see them as weak, and often find ways to distract from the qualities they deem as flaws. While ENFPs don't enjoy being seen as weak to others, they often feel this internally without letting people really get a glimpse at what is going on inside of their minds. ENFPs definitely try to be understanding of others, but sometimes people's flaws can be hard for them to cope with as well.
 
INTJ can be very hard on weaknesses and want to find ways to overcome them. If they feel like they see a weakness in themselves they will attempt to improve and push themselves to become better. They can be somewhat competitive and don't like feeling as though they cannot do something. INTJs will always find a way to improve themselves and will push until they start to overcome those weaknesses. They also can struggle when they witness weakness in others, especially when those people aren't attempting to improve themselves and become better. For INTJs the biggest weakness is ignorance, and it is something everyone should strive to remove in themselves.
 
ENTJ definitely struggle when it comes to accepting weaknesses, and dislike feeling as though they possess any. If they see something within themselves that appears weak, the ENTJ will find ways to stomp it out. They can be rather hard on themselves and are always trying to be as skilled and efficient as possible. ENTJs can also be hard on others, and attempt to find ways to remove their loved ones weaknesses at times. They simply value efficiency and knowledge, and want people to constantly be pushing themselves to improve.
 
INTP can definitely be hard on themselves when they see certain weaknesses, and want to find ways to hide them from others. INTPs are somewhat guarded people, who dislike feeling vulnerable. They don't want others to see their weaknesses, and would rather come across as strong and confident. INTPs can be fearful that others might judge them, or take advantage of what they see. Instead they reserve their softer side for only the people who they can trust completely. INTPs don't intend to judge the weaknesses in others, and when this happens they won't fully realize it.
 
ENTP definitely don't enjoy being vulnerable in front of others, so they will often attempt to deflect away from their weaknesses. They will use humor as a way to shadow emotions, and will try to distract people. ENTPs simply don't believe in showing all of themselves to people, at least not until they trust them completely. They would rather maintain a sense of personal space until they find people who they can fully rely on in life. ENTPs are independent people, who prefer to focus on improving themselves and taking on new challenges as ways to overcome their weaknesses in life.
 
ISTJ definitely don't handle weaknesses well and dislike feeling vulnerable at all. They strive to be strong people and always work hard to accomplish the task at hand. ISTJs don't want to be viewed as weak and will often be rather hard on themselves in these situations. They try to overcome whatever they perceive as weakness, in order to be efficient and capable people.
 
ESTJ don't handle weaknesses well and can become rather hard on themselves. When they see something that could be perceived as weakness the ESTJ will push themselves to overcome this. They can sometimes challenge themselves a bit too much in order to remove any perceived signs of weakness. ESTJs are hardworking people who value efficiency over most other things in life. They want to be able to get things done and want to be viewed as the best at what they do.
 
ISFJ can have a hard time handling weaknesses in themselves, since they want to be strong for their loved ones. They will work hard to be perfect in many ways, so that they do not burden others. ISFJs can definitely handle other people's weaknesses and often want to shelter those who appear fragile in some ways. ISFJs are compassionate people who simply want to make others happy and tend to the needs of those around them.
 
ESFJ can struggle with perfection, and dislike feeling as though they are weak in any way. They can have a hard time coping with their own weaknesses and will want to find ways to overcome whatever they perceive as flaws. ESFJs simply don't want to be a burden on others, and work hard to be strong and capable. They want to protect those around them, and care deeply for the well-being of their loved ones. ESFJs can certainly handle when other people seem to have weaknesses, and will strive to help them in whatever way they can.
 
ISTP understand that no one is perfect, but they don't like showing their weaknesses to others. They are private people who would rather keep most of these things to themselves. They don't trust easily and prefer to remain aloof to most people. ISTPs can understand when other people possess certain flaws or weaknesses, and will not become judgmental over this.  They do however believe that people should work to overcome these things, and try to find ways to better themselves.
 
ESTP can struggle when it comes to weaknesses, and might be a bit hard on themselves and others. They often want things done a certain way, and dislike when people cannot seem to live up to certain expectations. ESTPs don't want people to see their vulnerabilities, and prefer to appear like they don't possess weaknesses to most people around them. They want to impress others, which means being strong and capable.
 
ISFP are often seen as gentle people, who aren't afraid of lacking control. They understand that they cannot be perfect and simply want to be themselves. When the ISFP has certain weaknesses, they simply want people around them who can accept this. ISFPs want to be loved for who they are, without feeling like they are being judged for it.
 
ESFP are okay with having weaknesses, as long as it doesn't get in the way of their goals. They prefer to focus on the positive things in life, and are often good at deflecting. ESFPs would rather enjoy the moment, and dislike having to focus on weaknesses or flaws. For the ESFP it is important to enjoy life and experience things in a unique and exciting way.
